#AWS Questions 1 to 10

1. What is IAM User?
A. An IAM user in AWS represents an individual that requires access to various AWS resources. 

2. How to give access to IAM users?
A. Go to Add permissions. We can attach existing policies or create custom policy and attach it to the user.

3. Policies written in which language?
A. AWS IAM policies are written in JSON(JavaScript Object Notation)language.

4. What is diff. btw region and availability zones?
A. An AWS region is area where AWS has multiple data centers where as an availability zone is an individual data center.

5. How MFA works in AWS?
A. Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) adds an extra layer of security to AWS accounts by requiring a second authentication    factor (one-time code) in addition to the password. This helps prevent unauthorized access even if the password is
   compromised.

6. What is basic process of building an EC2 instance?
A. An Amazon EC2(Elastic Compute Cloud) is a virtual server in AWS cloud. To create an EC2 instance:
   # Go to EC2 dashboard and click launch instance.
   # Choose an AMI(Amazon Machine image)[Amazon linux, ubuntu, windows... etc] and choose an Instance type[t2.micro etc..]
   # Configure Instance setting [network, subnet, IP...]
   # Configure Security group and create or select an existing key pair

7. What are uses of security groups?
A. Some of the key uses of security groups are restricting access to EC2 instances, controlling web server traffic, secure   database access, managing traffic for load balancers, protecting internal services.

8. How are 2 EC2 instances connected?
A. 1. If both instances are in SAME VPC, they can connect using private IP addresses.
   2. Connecting across different VPC's through VPC Peering to establish private communication
   3. Connecting via Public IP, Elastic load balancer(ELB), AWS System Manager are other ways.

9. How to connect EC2 instance on premises?
A. Connecting EC2 instance to on premises network allows secure communication between AWS and local servers.
   VPN(Site-to-Site), AWS direct connect, AWS transit gateway, Using SSh over public internet are methods.

10. What is bootstrap of a server and its uses?
A. Bootstrapping a server refers to the automated process of configuring a server when it first starts. It involves
   running scripts (usually Shell or PowerShell) to install software, update configurations, and set up the necessary
   environment without manual intervention.
   Its uses are Automated setup, system configuration, service initialization, instance customization etc.
